[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
another one that we use a lot is map.
And map and each have a lot in common.
The important thing to note about each is
that you can't return anything from each.
So if we see here we're
pushing to our farm, but
we're not using a return statement.
You cannot use a return
statement in this function.
It won't work.
So just keep that in mind.
However, in map,
it's really important what you return.
So map does the same thing where
it's gonna loop through an object or
an array and
it's going to apply it to a function.
The difference here is what we return.
So if we return here,
you return some value here.
That's gonna be placed into an array.
And so we have to save this in a variable
until nums would then be again
just an array of numbers.
So it would return that.
So whatever is returned from the callback
is going to be put into an array.
So we can return like nums,
the valley + 1.
I output two, three, four.
So then you can transform
your data this way.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So it produces a new
array of values by mapping each value in
the list and
transforming it using this function.
And the same holds true
with the parameters.
They're always gonna be the value,
the index, and the entire list.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
back to our pocketmon example.
We have an array of pocketmons and
then we have a function
called excited array and
this is my algorithm that takes any string
and suddenly makes it an excited string.
So, how do we use this, using map?
So, of course, we'd say underscore
dot map and what do we pass it?
How about Tanner?
>> Tanner: We pass it
a 123 in the brackets.
No, I'm sorry.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
you're one slide behind.
>> Tanner: We pass it
the function pocketmon.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
So we pass it pocketmon,
which is an array.
Of our pocketmons.
So it'd be pocketmons or pocketmon?
What do you think?
>> Tanner: Pocketmon.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Pocketmon, for plural.
So it's like sheep sheep.
Okay.
>> Tanner: Or deer.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Or deer, yeah.
Cool.
And then what do we pass?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So.
What about William, you've been quiet.
>> William: Gotta set
the callback function,
you wanna call for each one of them.
So I think it's excitedArr.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep.
There is no other functions on page and so
we just pass excitedArr notice we're
not calling it here we're simply
passing it that's important.
Cool.
>> Speaker 3: How do we
know that its gonna use
the value cuz when you're defining
excitedArr that she's using val?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
so that's just a parameter.
We can call this like str too.
>> Speaker 3: I know, but maybe I
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's just
the mechanics, how it works.
Is that the first things it calls the
function with, whatever function it is?
Whether or not it has parameters or
not it's gonna call excitedArr like this.
So if we're doing this example it would be
pocketmon at the first one would be zero.
Yeah, it would be zero and then zero and
then it would be just pocketmon.
So, that's what it's doing under the hood,
it's calling it like that every time and
then the second time it
calls it like this, right?
And then the third and
the final time it will call it like that.
>> Speaker 3: So and
because pocket mon square bracket zero
is the first value,
that get's substituted for
STR and the rest just doesn't get
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Exactly.
>> Speaker 3: This is discarded?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Totally.
So
first argument is gonna amount to
the first parameter and since STR,
first parameter, STR is now pocket
mon at zero which is char source.
>> Speaker 5: Questions, is passing the
function in the underscore map parameter
the same as calling it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
is it the same as calling it?
When you pass it to map,
we aren't calling it.
But map calls it for you.
So yes and no.
If you don't want this function to be
called, then you shouldn't be passing it
to map cuz map will just, under
the hood it calls the function for you.
Really similar to in our callback
exercises where we took a function and
we called it immediately.
>> Speaker 3: So isn't that one that you
have highlighted, that's just a reference,
so it's telling map this
is where that function is.
Is not actually doing the function.
But then when map does
its internal things.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right.
>> Speaker 3: It's going
to that address and saying,
there's a function..
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Exactly,
so map is its own function.
So we're calling map.
And somewhere in underscore library
we're entering into the function body of
map, right?
And we have two arguments
that we're giving to map.
And map has some functionality that it
does always with these two arguments.
So inside the function body it's
gonna loop through this list and
it's going to call this function
with each value of the list.
So as it loops, it's gonna call it.
And that's how It works under the hood,
and we can even look at it,
if we wanted to, map.
So we see it takes an object and
it takes an iterator,
and if we look somewhere in here,
we see that
it's calling the iterator function so
it's looping first of all, right.
See that loop?
And it's calling, it's doing a little
bit more than what I'm expressing.
But the main point is that it's looping,
right.
And then it's calling that iterator
function with the value with the property.
And with the entire object.
Right.
So that's what map is
doing under the hood.
Cool.
Any questions on that?
And the key thing here is we
want to say this save this in
a variable because it's
returning an array.
So var excitedPocketmon equals this.
So now we have transformed our
array into an excited array.
>> Speaker 3: Could you have saved it in
your same pocket lan one to over write and
that should be okay?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
Yep.